Add exp push/pull to getting started guide (#2232)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/start/experiments.md

$ git commit -a -m "Preserve best random forest experiment"
```

## Sharing experiments

After committing the best experiments to our Git branch, we can
[store and share](/doc/start/data-versioning#storing-and-sharing) them remotely
like any other iteration of the pipeline.

```dvc
dvc push
git push
```

<details>

> ### 💡 Expand for more info on remote storage.
> 
> The commands in this section require both a default DVC remote and a Git remote.

Reviewer: Idea:
```suggestion
### 💡 Important information on storing experiments remotely.

The commands in this section require both a `dvc remote default` and a
[Git remote](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Working-with-Remotes).
```

$ git commit -a -m "Preserve best random forest experiment"
```

## Sharing experiments

> After committing the best experiment to our Git branch, we can
> [store and share](/doc/start/data-versioning#storing-and-sharing) it remotely
> like any other iteration of the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After committing the best experiments to our Git branch, we can
[store and share](/doc/start/data-versioning#storing-and-sharing) them
remotely like any other iteration of the pipeline.
```

```dvc
dvc push
git push
```

<details>

### 💡 Expand to try out sharing with simple remotes.

A DVC remote stores the experiment data, and a Git remote stores the code,
parameters, and other metadata associated with the experiment. DVC supports

> various types of remote storage (local file system, SSH, Amazon S3, Google Cloud

Reviewer: Not sure we need all the Git remote related info? Makes the section quite long too. It's hidden so not a huge deal but it's typically better to avoid explaining other tools, even Git. Even explaining DVC remotes much in this doc is probably unnecessary (already introed in https://dvc.org/doc/start/data-versioning#storing-and-sharing).

Reviewer: My rec is to focus on the application of DVC remotes for the `exp` context.

Reviewer: That said I may be missing something (didn't read this through in detail) — e.g. that `exp push/pull` use Git remotes. But if it's possible to reduce X remote explanations at least, that would be best I think.

Author: Yeah, this whole section was a bit of a challenge because:
1) It requires both a Git remote and DVC remote to actually try it out, so I wasn't sure whether to review those concepts so users who come straight to this section can try it, or to ignore them and keep it focused on `exp push/pull` commands only.
2) Without a more complex example of a shared project, which seems out of scope here, there's not much to show the utility of `exp push/pull`.

Author: I shortened it, but maybe it's still too much? Let me know your thoughts.

Author: Here's the updated details section to save you some time:

```
### 💡 Expand for more info on remote storage.

The commands in this section require both a default DVC remote and a Git remote.
A DVC remote stores the experiment data, and a Git remote stores the code,
parameters, and other metadata associated with the experiment. DVC supports
various types of remote storage (local file system, SSH, Amazon S3, Google Cloud
Storage, HTTP, HDFS, etc.). The Git remote is often a central Git server
(GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket, etc.).
```

Author: 👋 @jorgeorpinel, could you review this one edit before I merge?

Author: @jorgeorpinel Just pinging you again on this one 😄 . Let me know if you have specific concerns or even think this section is unhelpful/doesn't belong in getting started. I'm conflicted about it myself.

Reviewer: Oops @dberenbaum sorry this fell through the cracks, checking now...

Reviewer: Yeah def. very nicely summarized. I'd just add some links perhaps.

Storage, HTTP, HDFS, etc.). The Git remote is often a central Git server
(GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket, etc.). Let's set up both the DVC and Git remotes on
our local filesystem to try them out:

```dvc
$ mkdir -p /tmp/dvcstore
$ dvc remote add -d myremote /tmp/dvcstore
$ git commit .dvc/config -m "Configure local remote"
$ mkdir -p /tmp/gitremote
$ git clone . /temp/gitremote
$ git remote add gitremote /tmp/gitremote
$ dvc push
$ git push -u gitremote master
```

`dvc push` saves the promoted experiment data to the default DVC remote in
`/tmp/dvstore`.

`git push -u gitremote master` saves the code, parameters, and associated
metadata from the experiment committed to our `master` branch to the Git remote
named `gitremote` in `/tmp/gitremote`.

Read on to learn how to share other experiments with DVC and Git remotes.

</details>

> Experiments that have not been made a persistent part of the pipeline will not
> be stored or shared remotely through `dvc push` or `git push`.

Reviewer: > persistent part of the pipeline

Each experiment contains a full pipeline version right? They're not parts of a DVC pipeline I think:

```suggestion
Experiments that have not been made persistent will not
be stored or shared remotely through `dvc push` or `git push`.
```

> Needs reformat

`dvc exp push` enables storing and sharing any experiment remotely.

```dvc
$ dvc exp push gitremote exp-bfe64
Pushed experiment 'exp-bfe64' to Git remote 'gitremote'.
```

`dvc exp list` shows all experiments that have been saved.

```dvc
$ dvc exp list gitremote --all
72ed9cd:
        exp-bfe64
```

> `dvc exp pull` retrieves the experiment from remote storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dvc exp pull` retrieves the experiment from a Git remote.
```
